I want us to analyze a website because I think it's a spectacular example of how to apply
history and how to transmit it through a website with very clear messages and that from the
first moment they hook the protagonist and make it very clear how they can help him.
This is a company that sells photography courses for a niche, that is, for parents and helps
their parents to get better photos of their children.
We are going to see the homepage from top to bottom and we are going to draw conclusions.
What I would like is for us to learn how they have done it.
We start with the headline, as you can see it is very simple, very clear and tells us
to help parents to get better photos.
What are they achieving in this way?
The first thing they are achieving is that the protagonist, his target audience feels
identified from the first moment because I did it very simple, we help parents.
And also it is transmitting us not only with the text but with the background image, it
is transmitting us really what is the happy end.
What are we going to get?
We are going to get better pictures of our children.
And the next thing in a story is that the protagonist has a problem and if we show him that he has
a problem and that we can help him, our message will be very clear.
And the next thing is that the protagonist is not happy, he is not satisfied, he is not
satisfied with the result, he is not satisfied with the result, he is not satisfied with the
results.
We are going to get better pictures of his children, not only give him goals, but also
help catch his heart.
When we show the fake photos of someone we say that we have a problem, there are some
consultancies about this issue, representing us with this kind of fake photos because that
is a waste of time, because he is taking photos that are not good enough.
And there are 86,000 people who are already taking wonderful photos.
But we continue.
And here, the generation of the problem is even bigger.
Our children grow fast.
It is making us see that we are going to lose a unique opportunity if we are not able to
take photos of our children.
Because they will grow and that will never come back.
I think it is really brilliant how they are able to make the protagonist visualize that
he has a problem.
And also what I say, be careful, because learning to take good photos usually comes with long
tutorials, with a very technical language, etc.
Here he is identifying the villain, which is the rest of the courses, which are boring,
etc., very complicated.
The protagonist is already dreaming of those wonderful photos of his children.
What happens, and also, is that he knows that he can not miss the opportunity because his children
will grow and that will never come back.
And here they give you the solution.
You have this course, Snackable, which is digestible, that is, simple, microlearning, etc.
Seven parts.
We put it super easy.
Shools Photoschool makes it very easy.
Here we have the solution.
This is a very simple course, one week, one minute every day, designed for busy parents,
etc., effortlessly.
As you can see, they have positioned themselves, they are giving you the solution.
And they give you two options here, look, sign up now or if you are not, keep informed or
scroll down.
And it makes it very clear.
Here they tell us what the plan is, in case you have any questions.
We did not have many doubts, here it will be simple, but in case you have any questions,
I will make it very clear.
You sign up for free.
Look at what a simpler language.
Only with an email, no tricks, etc.
Get one snack per day.
That is, every day a simple class, microlearning, directly to your inbox.
And also, what it tells us here is that they will continue to send us things in the future.
They put us three call to action, but they all go to the same thing, and it is the form in which
we will receive the free course.
As you can see here, what they have done is solve that we have doubts and make it very clear
what the plan is, which is something very important in all history.
They put some of the logos, well, to generate some confidence.
But I'm going here, I love this, and it is, as in all history, we have to make him see
what is being played.
Well, transmitting the benefit that he will get and also making him see what risks
we are going to avoid taking.
And this is, this meets perfection, as you are seeing.
They tell us, is that throughout the life of your children you will take many photos.
That you will do yes or yes.
Every father has thousands of photos of his children on his mobile.
And they tell us, you can capture them in a beautiful way and build a treasure for you
and for your children, this is the happy ending, to which they will help you.
But how are they going to help them?
Be careful, or what can happen is that you do not change anything and what you have are a lot of instant.
Well, there is no translation really to Spanish, but basically what it is saying is that you are going to take
many photos.
If you let us help you, you will build a treasure.
And also look at the photos behind, smiling children, etc.
We are all visualizing it.
But be careful, what you can do is not do anything and what you will have is a lot of photos
that it seems that it is telling us that these photos are not going to be worth anything.
And look at what is the call to action, build a treasure.
Build a treasure, it is really powerful.
Also, use the web page, the homepage, to give testimonies of people who have done the classes, etc.
And use the call to actions very well, join more than 70,000 happy snackers, as they call it.
Join a large community, it is something very aspirational.
It is telling us that there are many people.
You have no doubt that they do it well, because if they have more than 70,000 people...
Finally, what they do is, she introduces herself, who is the founder, Kyle Schultz.
Well, and he tells you a little about his story, a photo of his children, and it becomes more credible.
It is generating authority.
It is she with her family.
All the photos are from her family.
To finish, I think it is really brilliant how they have managed to create a story on a web page with very few texts.
The protagonist are the parents, they feel identified from the first moment, and also they have identified what is the desire of those parents.
And it is to have beautiful photos of their children, a treasure that is worth all his life.
A treasure, he uses the word treasure several times in the call to action.
Therefore, it hooks from the beginning.
And also what he achieves is to make him visualize that he has a problem.
Because his children grow very fast, and because probably they have no idea of ​​photography.
Well, like everyone.
So the problem is that they will have photos, their children will grow fast and they will have photos that are not as good as they could be.
And that generates an internal problem for the protagonist.
And it is that concern, that desire to say, I'm going to miss a unique opportunity.
And here comes Schultz Photo School and he positions himself as a guide.
I can help you.
And he tells you exactly how.
What he does is give you a course in seven days, that you will receive an email every day with a very short class, very simple.
And finally, what you are seeing at all times, in a very bright way, is what you are playing.
And what you are playing is, on the one hand, wonderful photos of your children all their lives.
Because we see it in the images.
They have almost nothing to say to us.
We see it in the images of the website itself.
And what is the risk that I am helping you to avoid?
Which is almost as powerful as the benefit in this case.
What I'm helping you to avoid is that your children grow.
And in the end, the photos they have are not good enough.
And you are not able to build that treasure that we are going to help you build.